feat: Support putting TrustStore information in Secret (#597)
stackabletech/secret-operator: docs/modules/secret-operator/pages/truststore.adoc

include::example$truststore-tls.yaml[]
----
<1> Also used to name the created ConfigMap
<2> Mandatory name of the xref:secretclass.adoc[]
<3> Optional requested xref:secretclass.adoc#format[format]

> <4> Option Kubernetes resource, which should be used to output the requested information to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<4> Optional Kubernetes resource kind, which should be used to output the requested information to.
```
